Added DETR ResNet50 model (#2543)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/detr-resnet50/README.md

# detr-resnet50

## Use Case and High-Level Description

> The `detr-resnet50` model is a model of the new framework, called DEtection TRansformer or DETR with ResNet50 backbone for object detection task. DETR predicts all objects at once, and is trained end-to-end with a set loss function which performs bipartite matching between predicted and ground-truth objects. DETR simplifies the detection pipeline by dropping multiple hand-designed components that encode prior knowledge, like spatial anchors or non-maximal suppression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `detr-resnet50` model is one from DEtection TRansformer (DETR) models family, which consider object detection as a direct set prediction problem. The model has ResNet50 backbone and pretrained on COCO dataset for solving object detection task. DETR predicts all objects at once, and is trained end-to-end with a set loss function which performs bipartite matching between predicted and ground-truth objects. DETR simplifies the detection pipeline by dropping multiple hand-designed components that encode prior knowledge, like spatial anchors or non-maximal suppression.
```

Author: Done

| ------------------- | ------ |
| coco_orig_precision | 39.27% |
| coco_precision      | 42.36% |

## Input

### Original model

Image, name - `input`, shape - `1, 3, 800, 1137`, format `B, C, H, W`, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width

Expected color order is `RGB`.

Mean values - [123.675, 116.28, 103.53].
Scale values - [58.395, 57.12, 57.375].

### Converted model

Image, name - `input`, shape - `1, 3, 800, 1137`, format `B, C, H, W`, where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - number of channels
- `H` - image height
- `W` - image width

Expected color order is `BGR`.

## Output

### Original model

1. Bounding boxes, name: `boxes`, shape - `1, 100, 4`. Presented in format `B, A, 4`, where:

    - `B` - batch size
    - `A` - number of detected anchors

    For each detection, the description has the format: [`x`, `y`, `w`, `h`], where:

    - (`x`, `y`) - coordinates of the bounding box center(coordinates are in normalized format, in range [0, 1])
    - `w` - width of bounding box(values are in normalized format, in range [0, 1])
    - `h` - height of bounding box(values are in normalized format, in range [0, 1])

> 2. Scores, name: `scores`, shape - `1, 100, 92`. Contains scores for background and 91 object classes which are listed in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file.

Reviewer: but in demo code you disable the last class, does it means that background (or no_detection in DETR terminology is the last class) and if you run demo with provided class names, names will be incorrect?
